---
layout: publication
title: Jonas Pfeiffer
---

Jonas is a first year PhD student working at UKP at the Technichal University Darmstadt. The focus of Jonas’s research lies on semi-supervised learning, which aims to leverage large corpora of un-annotated data to extract the distributional characteristics as initialization for supervised tasks. This includes multimodal learning, such as integrating representations of images into the distributional semantics of textual data. Another focus of his research is on unsupervised machine translation, which leverages large corpora of unlinked multi-lingual text documents. His most recent work is on the interpretability of black-box neural network architectures. Here, he extracts abstract rationales from neural classification models using a pre-trained autoencoder to better understand what deep networks like to read. 


Lanyon is an unassuming [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) theme that places content first by tucking away navigation in a hidden drawer. It's based on [Poole](http://getpoole.com), the Jekyll butler.

### Built on Poole

Poole is the Jekyll Butler, serving as an upstanding and effective foundation for Jekyll themes by [@mdo](https://twitter.com/mdo). Poole, and every theme built on it (like Lanyon here) includes the following:

* Complete Jekyll setup included (layouts, config, [404](/404), [RSS feed](/atom.xml), posts, and [example page](/about))
* Mobile friendly design and development
* Easily scalable text and component sizing with `rem` units in the CSS
* Support for a wide gamut of HTML elements
* Related posts (time-based, because Jekyll) below each post
* Syntax highlighting, courtesy Pygments (the Python-based code snippet highlighter)

### Lanyon features

In addition to the features of Poole, Lanyon adds the following:

* Toggleable sliding sidebar (built with only CSS) via **☰** link in top corner
* Sidebar includes support for textual modules and a dynamically generated navigation with active link support
* Two orientations for content and sidebar, default (left sidebar) and [reverse](https://github.com/poole/lanyon#reverse-layout) (right sidebar), available via `<body>` classes
* [Eight optional color schemes](https://github.com/poole/lanyon#themes), available via `<body>` classes

[Head to the readme](https://github.com/poole/lanyon#readme) to learn more.

### Browser support

Lanyon is by preference a forward-thinking project. In addition to the latest versions of Chrome, Safari (mobile and desktop), and Firefox, it is only compatible with Internet Explorer 9 and above.

### Download

Lanyon is developed on and hosted with GitHub. Head to the <a href="https://github.com/poole/lanyon">GitHub repository</a> for downloads, bug reports, and features requests.

Thanks!
